update iOS setup page to explain how to set the `company_name` (#1066)
fastlane/docs: docs/getting-started/ios/setup.md

fastlane init
```

> Note that if you want to create your first app on AppStore Connect account, you need to set developer name (`company_name`) with `PRODUCE_COMPANY_NAME` environment variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you want to create your first app on your App Store Connect account, you need to set the developer name (`company_name`) with `PRODUCE_COMPANY_NAME` environment variable:
```

```no-highlight
PRODUCE_COMPANY_NAME="YOUR COMPANY NAME" fastlane init
```

> To get more information check `company_name` description in the [Create app documentation](http://docs.fastlane.tools/actions/create_app_online/#parameters_1).

Reviewer: We should prefer relative paths instead of full paths 😊 

```suggestion
To get more information check `company_name` description in the [Create app documentation](/actions/create_app_online/#parameters_1).
```
